
Why Bloomberg?
-----------------------
1. Strong foundation of data, support exciting projects. And I can solve the 
real-world problem using the data and resources. It feels great.
The projects can be landed in real world, supported by Bloomberg with strong foudation,
with good resources. Impact thoudsands of people. If I remember right, there are 
about 325,000 top business and decision makers.

2. Bloomberg has very strong impact in the world, it must be really cool expecting
my team's project being landed. I am passion at the technologies and want to make 
an impact.

3. I know there is a training program before get into work, through that I think 
I can learn the technology stack as well as know new friends. The smooth of the 
process really attract me a lot.

4. In Bloomberg, I can learn the standard of how to program and how to collaborate.
I can learn the whole process from writing codes to finally publish the application.

5. I can learn a lot from Bloomberg and grows very fast. 
Also I have engineering background as well as machine learning background,
I think in Bloomberg I can combine them together to make max profit. 

6. Most of the people I work with are super talented and extremely intelligent.
Can make different friends and get to know different cultures. As I know there
is no offices in Bloomberg, which I think is a perfect idea, in this case 
people can communicate more and learn more from others.

7. Bloomberg University can help me keep learning, keep improve myself and even
learn something totally not in my field, like finance. 
The health and wellness are good, which covers most healthy issues, this is 
important for me since with this you can totally go to work without any worries.

7. The terminal is sooo cool. I can feel the high techs even I don't know how 
it is implemented.  And it's New York! It's soo cool working here.

8. I have a faverable impression on Bloomberg, since every time on career, Bloombergs'
people are friendly and the gifts are the best, hhhhhh
I might be able to work in different offices among the world, which is attractive.
Also I love to be a volenteer and help the community, to step out of the office
and help people in person.
I am a keyboard fan and I was so excited seeing the Bloomberg keyboard.
I watch Bloomberg Technology very often, to get to know the up-to-date news 
in technology.




Why this position?
-----------------------
Our training programme will educate you on the ins and outs of our technology stack. You'll learn how to be a successful software engineer in our high-energy and fast-paced environment, and become a pro on the Bloomberg Terminal. We'll also teach you about how we do database systems, network communication, real-time data processing, and build UIs.

After training, you will be ready to hit the ground running, leaving the training class with a strong network of new friends and colleagues from a range of backgrounds. You'll join a global team of engineers with a real passion for both innovating and solving problems. With many teams continuing to adopt an Agile approach to their work, you will work collaboratively and effectively on small teams, developing software that impacts thousands of power users around the world.

We're looking for engineers who have a real passion for writing reusable, performant solutions to complex problems, who can keep an open mind and adapt to an ever-changing market landscape, who can collaborate and work effectively on small teams, and who want to develop software that impacts thousands of power users around the world. We want people who see things differently, find solutions and collaborate instinctively.


What questions ?
----------------------
1. How many replicas do you have of the servers? How long do you do backups?
2. How to do load balancing?
3. Are you using relational database or non-relational database?
4. Financial data is time-sensitive, how do you make sure they are released or update at the same time?
5. Is it possible to switch working locations to experience different environment?


Top 3 qualities of a company you want to be at? 
------------------------
1. Does the culture fits my personality?  The share and open-minded culture really fits me a lot.
2. Will I be offerred opportunities to learn, to improve myself?
3. Are the team members people I’d love to work with?
4. Will you be challenged in a positive way?
5. What kind of resources that I can take use of?






